SOUTH CAROLINA.
I'M GOING TO STOP TALKING.
BRIAN HAS A GREAT INTERVIEW
WITH MARK LEVIN.
BRIAN: MARK LEVIN IS WITH US
FROM HIS LOVELY CRTV
STUDIOS.
GREAT TO SEE YOU THIS
MORNING.
>> YOU TOO, BRIAN, THANK
YOU.
BRIAN: I KNOW YOU ARE 3U6R7D
UP FOR SUNDAY.
THIS HAS BEEN A WILD WEEK.
ROLL OUT OF THE JAMES COMEY
SERIES OF INTERVIEWS AND
BOOKS, MARK, I DON'T
REMEMBER ANYTHING BLOWING UM
ON A PERSON LIKE THIS BOOK
IS BLOWING UP ON HIM.
WE HAVE THE NEWS RELATIVELY
NEW WE ARE JUST FINDING OUT
ABOUT.
THAT'S THAT ANDY MCCABE HAS
A CRIMINAL REFERRAL FROM THE
INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR LYING
UNDER OATH THREE TIMES ON
FOUR SEPARATE OCCASIONS.
SO, THIS IS ALL HAPPENING.
MEANWHILE, HE IS DENYING A
LOT OF THINGS THAT COMEY
SAID ABOUT HIM.
WHAT'S THIS BOOK TOUR DOING
FOR COMEY AND THIS
INVESTIGATION?
>> WELL, COMEY IS LIKE A BAD
RASH.
YOU KNOW, HE JUST WON'T GO
AWAY.
AND, HE IS APPEARING ON ALL
THESE PROGRAMS AND I EXPECT
HE WILL BE APPEARING ON
AIRPORT RADAR AND SONOGRAMS
VERY SHORTLY.
I THINK HE HAS DONE ENORMOUS
DAMAGE TO HIMSELF.
HE IS EXPOSING HIMSELF TO
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AS A
VERY PETTY, SUPERFICIAL MAN.
THIS IS A FORMER HEAD OF THE
FBI.
HE IS THE FORMER DEPUTY
ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE
UNITED STATES.
HE IS A FORMER UNITED STATES
ATTORNEY.
HE IS CONDUCTING HIMSELF
LIKE A COMPLETE BOZO THE
CLOWN.
AND HE DOES ENORMOUS DAMAGE
TO THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF
INVESTIGATION BY CONDUCTING
HIMSELF THIS WAY.
PEOPLE NEED TO KEEP
SOMETHING IN MIND.
HE WAS HEAD OF THE BUREAU,
HEAD OF THE BUREAU, AND HIS
DEPUTY WAS ANDREW MCCABE WHO
NOW HAS A CRIMINAL REFERRAL
FROM THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
TO THE UNITED STATES
ATTORNEY IN WASHINGTON, D.C.
HIS BOSS WAS COMEY.
COMEY NEEDS TO ANSWER FOR
THIS.
ON TOP OF THAT.
YOU HAVE STRZOK.
HAVE YOU TALKED ABOUT HIM IN
THE PAST.
PAGE, HIS GIRLFRIEND.
YOU HAVE TALKED ABOUT HER IN
THE PAST.
ALL THESE PEOPLE IN SENIOR
POSITIONS UNDER COMEY AT THE
TIME.
YOU HAVE A DOSSIER THAT WAS
FRAUDULENT, WHERE HAVE YOU
ACTUAL COLLUSION WITH THE
HILLARY CLINTON CAMPAIGN AND
THE DNC.
AND PAYMENTS BEING MADE
THROUGH LAW FIRMS TO FUSION
GPS.
THAT WAS USED TO GET A FISA
WARRANT AGAINST AN AMERICAN
CITIZEN WITH LOOSE TIES TO
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN IN ORDER
TO GET TO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN
AND THE TRUMP TRANSITION
THROUGH THE BACK DOOR.
ALL THIS, AGAIN, OCCURRED
UNDER JAMES COMEY'S WATCH
AND THEN, HE MEETS WITH THE
PRESIDENT-ELECT OF THE
UNITED STATES, A WEEK OR SO
BEFORE HE BECOMES PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES, CLEARS
THE ROOM OUT, DOESN'T SHOW
HIM THE DOSSIER.
DOESN'T TELL HIM WHO FUNDED
IT, BUT TELLS HIM SOME OF
THE MOST SQUIRREL
THE MOST IQUIRREL
THE MOST INJIRREL
THE MOST INJURREL
THE MOST INJURYEL
THE MOST INJURY COLUMBUS
LIES TO TELL THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES DON'T
LOOK WHAT I HAVE ON YOU.
THOUGHTS HE WAS IN A
POSITION TO BLACKMAIL THE
PRESIDENT.
BRIAN: IT'S NOT CRITICAL OF
COMEY IT'S LORETTA LYNCH AND
ANDREW MCCABE.
YOU TOLD ME TO TALK TO THE
"WALL STREET JOURNAL."
IS HE ON RECORD SAYING I
NEVER TOLD ANYBODY TO LEAK.
SOMEBODY IS LYING AND I
HAVEN'T SAID THE NAME DONALD
TRUMP.
>> LET ME ASK YOU A
QUESTION, BRIAN KILMEADE OR
THE WHOLE NATION.
WHETHER YOU HAVE JAMES COMEY
ROAMING AROUND THE COUNTRY
LIKE THIS AND NOW THERE IS
DISPUTES ABOUT HIS
CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY,
THERE IS DISPUTES ABOUT HIS
SUPPOSED MEMOS, WHAT HE SAID
IN THOSE AND SO FORTH, AND
YOU'RE A POTENTIAL WITNESS
FOR THE GOVERNMENT IN SOME
CASE THAT ROBERT MUELLER IS
INVESTIGATING, WHY HASN'T
ROBERT MUELLER PULLED THIS
I KEEP HEARING IT'S GOING TO
HURT MUELLER'S CASE.
OKAY, GREAT.
WHY DOESN'T THE SPECIAL
COUNSEL WHO IS BEST FRIENDS
WITH JAMES COMEY, WHO IS
APPOINTED AS A RESULT OF
JAMES COMEY LEAKING
ILLEGALLY, TO THE "NEW YORK
TIMES" THROUGH HIS FRONT
MAN, THE COLLEGE LAW
PROFESSOR, WHY DOESN'T
MUELLER TAKE CONTROL AND
SAY, JIM, YOU'RE SCREWING UP
MY CASE, POTENTIALLY, BE
QUIET.
I WILL TELL YOU THE REASON
WHY.
BECAUSE THIS IS ALL AN
ATTACK ON THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES.
THIS IS NOT REALLY ABOUT A
LEGAL CASE.
AND, LET ME TELL YOU WHY
IT'S NOT REALLY ABOUT A
LEGAL CASE.
IF WE HAD A REAL SPECIAL
COUNSEL WHO SAID, YOU KNOW,
MY JOB IS TO INVESTIGATE
RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN THE
ELECTION AND POSSIBLE
COLLUSION WITH THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN, IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
OVER SIX MONTHS AGO.
THERE WAS NO COLLUSION WITH
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
INTERFERENCE WITH THE
ELECTION WAS WELL-KNOWN.
THAT'S REALLY A COUNTER
TERRORISM INVESTIGATION.
NOT REALLY A CRIMINAL
INVESTIGATION.
HE SHOULD FOLD TENT AND BE
DONE.
HE DOESN'T WANT TO FOLD TENT
AND BE DONE.
HE WANT TO SEES A THE
PROSECUTOR HE WANTS TO SEE
THE PRESIDENT IMPEACHED.
MOREOVER, THE DEPUTY
ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE
UNITED STATES ROSENSTEIN, IF
MUELLER WON'T CONTROL
HIMSELF, ROSENSTEIN SHOULD
BE MUELLER.
SET THIS AS FORMER CHIEF OF
STAFF ATTORNEY GENERAL.
ROSENSTEIN IS IN THE TANK,
TOO.
THIS IS NOT ANY LONGER A
CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION.
IT IS AN IMPEACHMENT
INVESTIGATION.
IT IS A POLITICAL
AND JIM COMEY IS THE FACE OF
IT.
BRIAN: THERE IS A STORY LINE
THROUGHOUT WITHOUT A PLOT.
THAT IS THAT THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES IS
GOING TO FIRE ROBERT
MUELLER.
THERE WAS STEER OUT THE
OTHER DAY THAT PITTSBURGH IS
PREPARING RIOT GEAR JUST IN
CASE -- THE CITY OF
PITTSBURGH, IN CASE
PRESIDENT TRUMP FIRES ROBERT
MUELLER.
HE HASN'T, HE WASN'T.
THERE IS NONE CONFIRMED
REPORTS ABOUT IT.
WHY ARE THESE NONEXISTENT
STORIES TAKING THE
HEADLINES?
>> BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT MUCH
OF THE MEDIA HAVE BECOME.
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO THAT
CLOWN MICHAEL WOLFF WHO
WROTE THAT NASTY BOOK?
THEY PUSHED HIM FOR 10 DAYS,
HE FELL OFF THE EDGE OF THE
EARTH.
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO THAT
PROFESSOR AT YALE RUNNING
AROUND TALKING ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT'S MENTAL STATE.
THEY PUSHED HELLER OFF THE
EDGE OF THE EARTH.
NOW THEY HAVE A PORNO STAR
WHEN SHE IS DONE THEY WILL
PUSH HER OFF THE EDGE OF THE
EARTH.
IT DOESN'T MATTER, CONGO
LINE OF STORY LINES THAT ARE
AS THE PRESIDENT CALLS IT
FAKE NEWS.
IT'S PROBLEM BEGAN DA IF YOU
WILL.
BRIAN: REAL QUICK.
THIS HAS BEEN THE WEEK OUT
OF NOWHERE SEAN HANNITY'S
NAME CAME UP IN MIKE COAL
COHEN
.OHEN
>>HEN
>> MN
>> Mike: CALICOEN TWO
NETWORKS PUSHED TO HAVE HIS
NAME EXPOSED.
THERE SHUT BE A HANNITY TEST
NOW TO SEE IF ANYONE IS
GOING TO HAVE A DOUBLE
STANDARD TO ANYTHING THEY DO
FROM CHUCK TODD TO GEORGE
STEPHANOPOULOS TO OTHERS.
>> YEAH.
WE GOT TO KNOW EVERY LAWYER
WHO HAS EVER REPRESENTED ANY
OF THESE SO-CALLED
JOURNALISTS OR THEY HAVE
EVER TALKED TO.
WE MIGHT AS WELL ASK ABOUT
THE UROLOGY GISTS AND PATROL
CAR TOLL GISTS
CAR POLL GISTS
CAR PATL GISTS
CAR PATROGISTS
CAR PATROLISTS
CAR PATROL CTS
CAR PATROL CAR TOLL GISTS TO